week4/client/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

backend ready with POST to request-tokens, frontend ready with Welcome page

week4/client/README.md, after:

# Next.js + Tailwind CSS Example

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) [(v3.2)](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3-2) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).
